docs: Describe succinctly what the software does (what problem does it solve?) (#820)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

[![StandWithUkraine Banner]](https://github.com/vshymanskyy/StandWithUkraine/blob/main/docs/README.md)

> `pre-commit-terraform` provides a collection of git hooks for Terraform and related tools to be used with the [pre-commit framework](https://pre-commit.com). It helps ensure that Terraform, OpenTofu and Terragrunt configurations are kept in good shape by automatically running checks and formatting code before commits, and you can run these checks in CI too. This helps maintain code quality and consistency across the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`pre-commit-terraform`](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform) provides a collection of [Git Hooks](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) for Terraform and related tools and is driven by the [pre-commit framework](https://pre-commit.com), while also is available as a Docker container and via the GitHub Actions. It helps ensure that Terraform, OpenTofu and Terragrunt configurations are kept in good shape by automatically running various checks and formatting code before committing changes to version control system. And you can run these checks in CI too 🚀 This helps maintain code quality and consistency across the project.
```

Author: Hmm, what about next:
```suggestion
[`pre-commit-terraform`](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform) provides a collection of [Git Hooks](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) for Terraform and related tools and is driven by the [pre-commit framework](https://pre-commit.com). It helps ensure that Terraform, OpenTofu, and Terragrunt configurations are kept in good shape by automatically running various checks and formatting code before committing changes to version control system. This helps maintain code quality and consistency across the project.
It can be run locally and in CI as:
* standalone git hooks installations
* Docker image
```

Reviewer: I'm ok with it if you prefer it more.
Two nit picks:
* Either add two trailing spaces at line 12 or a blank line between lines 12 and 13 to prevent lines 12 and 13 from being combined together when markdown is parsed into visual representation
* Git should be capitalized as it's a proper name (I'd also capitalize word `standalone` to make it look prettier)

```suggestion
[`pre-commit-terraform`](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform) provides a collection of [Git Hooks](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) for Terraform and related tools and is driven by the [pre-commit framework](https://pre-commit.com). It helps ensure that Terraform, OpenTofu, and Terragrunt configurations are kept in good shape by automatically running various checks and formatting code before committing changes to version control system. This helps maintain code quality and consistency across the project.  
It can be run locally and in CI as:
* Standalone Git hooks
* Docker image
```

Author: Check once again please
